easiest thing like this dialect hello
this Jersey mic sub tastes delicious wow
that's great
what's the end while close the end of
the sixth week of the first day with
expensing cars presented by Omni slash
talking about some teamliquid stuff so
you guys finally beat your arch rivals
your arch nemesis golden Guardians it
was a interesting game yeah it was an
interesting game what did you think when
they locked in Heimerdinger was Peter
the Peter have a panic attack no we
actually uh like predicted there were a
whole draft that we were ready to play
against the heimer fiddle zowie team
comp and yeah like we had a plan going
to it but we didn't really execute it
that well yeah why why do you think that
was what went wrong um there was just
some unfortunate mistakes early game
that led to like a lot of snowballing
thank God that like they made a lot of
mistakes and like we came back through
it but yeah we just need to figure out
for tomorrow okay yeah what what was it
seemed like at one point time I look up
it's the mid game we've got a
significant gold advantage I'm like well
no they had one and I'm like well it's
just happening again going Guardian says
it's got that God seem liquid do you
think that they have like do they have
some sort of edge on you guys
um I think they'd just have a really
good plan for early game and they have
really good leaning especially their bot
lane since like it's like mage two
majors pretty much and then they could
pretty much harass any ad carry but we
tried our planet which was like try to
survive like that that Lane phase and
pretty much when they came after because
they don't have an ad carry and they
don't really have a tank that game so
you were pretty confident going in but
we just tried to you tried to take
advantage early but it didn't go really
well what are you guys doing to shore up
the inconsistencies and I say
inconsistencies and I think it's a light
word for what is going on because you
guys see there seemed like the best or
the worst um I think the inconsistencies
are mainly coming from early game and
like looking at the matter now
there's a lot of randomness in the game
especially mainly from jungle because
there's a lot of routes that you can do
and then a lot of cheese's you can do
and then some
leaning champions have to like for
example that get the push to win the to
win the lane and sometimes like other
team takes advantage of it and yeah it's
just like like pretty much like chess at
this point but it's really hard you see
randomness but then you say chess I
don't know how much randomness there is
in chess this house really weird
um I mean that's true to the point what
a minute right random is just like like
they can do whatever they want and then
it's random that they can like either
they can either like do it or they can
already they won't so like it's like
it's like predicting what the other team
or bought the other jungler will do your
dad's waving goodbye goodbye what what
is uh I just love you screaming at you
from the other side of the parking lot
just trying to say good bike sharing
your support it's off to celebrate the
Team Liquid win were you nervous at any
given point in time and that golden
Guardians game
um yeah definitely early game right when
I I was like we I thought we were gonna
get the double kill and then old lady I
was like oh am I gonna die - oh I'm
dead oh it's been a good night nine he's
alive oh wait he's just gonna fiddle he
didn't either been in a wave and then a
triple kill he's like huh like I wonder
how we are gonna come back from this but
we somehow me to find oh I think it was
also before that like Eugene just got
killed like mid lane before that - so I
was like it's like like the worst
possible outcome really game for us
alright
did you know that tomorrow I'm hanging
out with you guys all day what does that
mean it means so for the first time ever
I am messiah will reinforce it like seal
G yeah remember when I target tagged
along with but even worse because I
couldn't be backstage with you at MSI
but here like I'm not doing any
interviews any coverage on Sunday I am
just backstage with you guys who who did
you bribed to get this Damien suggested
to me it was Damien's idea what are you
gonna do then I'm just following and
hanging out with you guys it's like a
hangout sessions gonna be hanging out
with Peter so I'm just gonna have what
Peter and the
much of what you know I mean I I love
hanging out with you and Eugene impact I
don't spend enough time with I don't I
don't spend enough time with impact to
understand what he's saying
yeah that's what the first time for me
TI was like huh it's like interesting
English like like when you get to know
him is like you understand like he just
really brief like short like straight to
the point but sometimes like if you
don't know him then you're like 50% of
his English is twitch at memes as well
so like he's speaking like this unique
think each at me using like this dialect
hello Jersey Mike sub tastes delicious
wow that's great
yeah did they what do you put g JM JM na
LCS for a discount for Jersey Mike you
guys get a cut of that at all no I don't
know whose daughter said what inspired
that just free free attention from the
players for Jersey Mike's right should
put this in their sponsor deck to the
sponsor my interviews are helping you
guys make money I think so I mean they
could like like the fans can like get
deterred from like watching cuz like hog
that's drivers again we'd turn up the TV
the turn off they're watching my sellout
of television ya know the people I don't
think people sit down there like a long
day at work let me turn on the TV and
watch some Travis calf for an interviews
you know wait then that's your goal then
that should be your goal it's like just
people just like oh I'm so tired like
you know what would feel good right now
at Travis Gepard interview so we get to
a whole day of this tomorrow a whole day
tomorrow I'm showing up at your
apartment before they yes yes I you're
gonna go to Peter's apartment you're not
you're not allowed in me and Eugene's a
primary you guys have a separate
apartment yeah that's like the part like
we're the same different room number
okay I'll just stalk on all the doors
good luck
locked guess don't lock your damn
apartment I know you don't force it like
I'm gonna bring my kids every time I'm
gonna lock it so I just go with them
okay well you locked yourself out of the
apartment I got the
all for me this week it's supposed to be
Michael you're supposed to have like the
buzzer I don't have my name there I was
like I was just like skimming through
everything I was like David Lim I tried
to have it Lim first and like is like
probably a different number and I was
like I just looked I forgot who was the
first one he was try calling the first
one in the buzzer
something with a no it's a so it's like
a a and then like you started calling
random people and the apartment building
I just call it cuz like Michael is not
answering and then it was like 11 p.m.
or something and then like I was like I
think I said T I saw a gaffers like
please please I thought you're just
gonna like it's gonna click yes and then
you're like you actually like well
because I don't live in that a building
anymore so if I'm buzzing people and I
feel like I'm doing something weird I
just haven't got my name off the buzzer
yet so and you're like it's it's like I
thought at first because in my phone is
still his front door and I thought for
summers it was my new building that's
why I was asking you I was like cuz I
asked you is the Sam's brother because
Kobe has a brother named Jake and so you
said it's Jake and I'm like is Sam's
brother you know I was like like I
thought you would recognize my voice
well because the audio thing is so
distorted alright other than that
anything interesting happening with Team
Liquid I mean there's always something
interesting at the a WTF give me an
example like screaming 24/7 is like
that's pretty interesting like all we do
is play League and sleep and eat you
don't play any up our chef is so good
you don't play any other games right now
actually don't play that much games
anymore I just played League is like I
have to like practice now to put to you
to be good at League but before you were
just like just go into LCS and just
sorry somehow win yeah but now I have to
practice funny how that works is there
anything you want to say to anybody out
there nothing to say that I've done ok
I've got like cloud9 of people at least
they're like consistent like lemon
always just say no you've given like
really nice heartfelt speeches to your
fans
but you haven't felt whatever nothing
for the you today fans sorry
as with the
no offense he doesn't believe you exist
you had some fans for the Philippine
yeah they're they they're fans of me
because I'm Filipino
you check out the restaurant coverage of
all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel thanks so much to Omni
slash for the support I want to talk to
you guys a little bit about something
personal a personal event that happened
in my life recently a lot of you might
know that I moved out of my old place it
into a new place and that's because my
family has expanded that's right I am
actually supporting someone else now and
so you know that we know when the omni's
slash supports this when you hit up my
twitch channel with a twitch prime when
you subscribe to this and they car
drives by that all that stuff is going
is supporting not just me but also Kobe
who lives with me now
you know you've all heard the rumors
about castor pay I gotta take care of
him he expects me to pay all the rent to
feed him to basically do everything you
just sort of plays video games so then I
just have to do everything else you
doing so your support helps me take care
of my family
my family being Kobe